Mountain Biking Adventures 



At Nomad Extreme Adventure Tours, individual service is not only the goal but a lifestyle. 



If you were to want to concentrate on viewing Anasazi pictographs we know where to go. Want screaming descents? You got it! Heart bursting alpine ascents, Yep, we do it! We do it with style, with experience, and good cheer.



You may be used to outfitters who offer specific rides only on specific dates. You are never locked into a single trail system, nor a specific date. Our guides are ready to take you on your adventure when YOU are ready to go! Your ability, trail conditions, and weather trends are taken into consideration when your specialized ride is designed. 



Call us to book your Adventure. We have trail combinations for all abilities. 

Trail Day Trips:

Are you new to the sport of mountain biking? Does your schedule need to be filled between your white water rafting trip and a rock climbing adventure? Do you want to ride lots of technical single track interspersed with double track or take a somewhat more casual ride? Your ride is customized to your desires! There are trails for all of abilities ranging from beginner to intermediate, and advanced. You set the date of your expedition our guides are always ready to hit the trail. 



Your expedition is customized from the trails in the following areas:



Steve's Horsethief Bench 

Edge Loop 

Chutes and Ladders 

Bluff Creek Ranch Trail

Double Lake Trail





You can also try these less technical trails:



Bonham State Park

Copper Breaks State Park

Windmill Hill

Hermits Trace





Horsethief Bench 



Trail: Singletrack accessed off Mary's loop, very popular 4 mile loop.

Conditions: Good, trail really widened by sloppy riding.



Prime Cut / Joes Ridge 



Trail: All singletrack with cool easy climbs and rockin' good descents! 6-7 mile loop

Conditions: Dry, fast and fun! Please enjoy (remember, low impact, no off trail tracks).



Edge Loop 



Trail: Singletrack and fire road (split) 28 mile loop 

Conditions: Finally dry and open! Needs a new rope on the waterfall, any volunteers or new ideas?

Chutes and Ladders 



Trail: Singletrack Fun! 8 mile loop 

Conditions: Dry, fast and fun! Please enjoy (remember, low impact, no off trail tracks).



Your Visa or Master Card is accepted. Call us toll free at: (888) 555-1500.



Wildlife on the Trails

While you are out on the trails, please remember that you are not the only one enjoying the trails. You might also run into some critters that make the outdoors their home. Make sure you give the wildlife the space they need.



Keep your distance

Be alert of what the animals tell you. Their actions will let you know if you are too close.

Never ride in the predatory kill sites, bird nesting areas, or near the bear daybed. These areas are clearly marked on the trails.